Update README (#113)
bitcointranscripts/transcription-review-backend: README.md

# Node api for BTC Transcript Review

> - This repo houses the api that powers [review.btctranscripts.com](https://review.btcranscripts.com)

Reviewer: Should be This repo houses the api that powers [review.btctranscripts.com](https://review.btctranscripts.com)

Reviewer: @nassersaazi

Author: ```suggestion
- Should be This repo houses the api that powers [review.btctranscripts.com](https://review.btctranscripts.com/)
```
@nully0x yes that's the update i made. the former link was wrong

> - This repo houses the api that powers [review.btctranscripts.com](https://review.btcranscripts.com)

Author: ```suggestion
- This repo houses the api that powers [review.btctranscripts.com](https://review.btctranscripts.com)
```
